README.md, before:

## Sehat-In

Sehat-In is an image classification app based on the MLkit and TFlite model, This project is done under the Bangkit Capstone program

![Md-Background](https://github.com/archiseino/Sehat-In/assets/162825947/7626132c-8ca7-4bf3-93cb-f3c7a8125838)

## Features 
- **Authentication**: Authentication process using the Firebase Auth
- **Food Scanning**: Scanning process using the CameraX + MLKit Object Detection + Inference using the TfLite model
- **Food Store Recommendation**: Feat not, giving your nearest recommendation location from you to buy some fruits
- **Detail Fruits / Recipe Nutrients**: Giving u the information about the nutrition of the food and the recommendation dish out of this scanned item

## Tech-Stack and Requirement
- Projects 100% Kotlin
- Using the MVVM + Navigation Architecture and using the Hilt as the Dependency Injection
- Firebase Firestore to store the favorite and history user
- Firebase Auth to handle the authentication process
- Retrofit and OkHttp for Construct the Rest API

## Getting started
- You can start using this app by visiting this link
  [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ceahb0BUfKaZlZvdnF9ewb1RUcwi5gzH/view?usp=sharing)

## Contributing
- Since the app is far from perfect, you can try to fork and customize as for your needs, and don't forget to make a pull request

Commit message:

fix : fixing the apiKey, adding the secret key properties, fixing min issue

README.md, after:

## Sehat-In

Sehat-In is an image classification app based on the MLkit and TFlite model, This project is done under the Bangkit Capstone program

![Md-Background](https://github.com/archiseino/Sehat-In/assets/162825947/7626132c-8ca7-4bf3-93cb-f3c7a8125838)

## Features 
- **Authentication**: Authentication process using the Firebase Auth
- **Food Scanning**: Scanning process using the CameraX + MLKit Object Detection + Inference using the TfLite model
- **Food Store Recommendation**: Feat not, giving your nearest recommendation location from you to buy some fruits
- **Detail Fruits / Recipe Nutrients**: Giving u the information about the nutrition of the food and the recommendation dish out of this scanned item

## Tech-Stack and Requirement
- Projects 100% Kotlin
- Using the MVVM + Navigation Architecture and using the Hilt as the Dependency Injection
- Firebase Firestore to store the favorite and history user
- Firebase Auth to handle the authentication process
- Retrofit and OkHttp for Construct the Rest API

## Getting started
- You can start using this app by visiting this link
  [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ceahb0BUfKaZlZvdnF9ewb1RUcwi5gzH/view?usp=sharing)
- If you're want to develop this app more, fork this repo and add the `apiKey.properties` within the app folder to add the apiKey for particular API, here's the examples
  ```
  RECIPE_KEY_API=... (get from the Edamam-Recipe API)
  APP_ID_RECIPE=... (get from the Edamam-Recipe API)
  WEB_CLIENT_ID=... (get from the Firebase auth console)
  MAPS_SDK_API_KEY=... (get from the Google Cloud Maps Console)
  ```

## Contributing
- Since the app is far from perfect, you can try to fork and customize as for your needs, and don't forget to make a pull request
